feat: support `ExcalidrawElement.customData` (#5592)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

### Excalidraw API

> - Added support for storing [`customData`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#storing-custom-data-to-excalidraw-elements) on Excalidraw elements [#5592].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Features

- Added support for storing [`customData`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#storing-custom-data-to-excalidraw-elements) on Excalidraw elements [#5592].
```

#### Breaking Changes

> - `setToastMessage` API is now renamed to `setToas○t` API and the function signature is also updated [#5427](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/5427). You can also pass `duration` and `closable` attributes along with `message`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `setToastMessage` API is now renamed to `setToast` API and the function signature is also updated [#5427](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/5427). You can also pass `duration` and `closable` attributes along with `message`.
```

#### Breaking Changes

- `setToastMessage` API is now renamed to `setToas○t` API and the function signature is also updated [#5427](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/5427). You can also pass `duration` and `closable` attributes along with `message`.

### Excalidraw Library

> - Added support for storing [`customData`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#storing-custom-data-to-excalidraw-elements) on Excalidraw elements [#5592].

Reviewer: This should go under API instead as its for host (package)
